README.md, before:

# CHALLENGE 6 WEATHER FORECAST

## DESCRIPTION

## HOW TO USE

## ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs\
WHEN I search for a city\
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history\
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city\
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, and the the wind speed\
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city\
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity\
WHEN I click on a city in the search history\
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city

## VIEWING MY PROJECT
To view live page, open your browser (preferably Google Chrome), then enter <i>ENTER LIVE PAGE HERE</i> in your address bar.

Link to Deployed Application: <i>ENTER DEPLOYED APPLICATION HERE</i>

Commit message:

updated README.md, filters data to daily, started to update weather cards

README.md, after:

# CHALLENGE 6 WEATHER FORECAST

## DESCRIPTION
Have you ever wondered what the weather is in another city? Well, look no further! In this app, you will be able to type in the city you need the weather for and this app will return the weather for that day. No longer will you be in the unknown of how hot or cold it is going to be, you just simply type in the city name and BOOM! you get the temperature, wind speed, and humidity.

## HOW TO USE
To begin, you would first enter the city name you would like the weather information for into the search bar. Once entered, if the city exists, the current weather would then be displayed to your right, as well as 5 days beginning from the current date. Not only will it provide you with the temperature of the city, but it will also provide you with the wind speed and the humidity.

## ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs\
WHEN I search for a city\
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history\
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city\
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, and the the wind speed\
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city\
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity\
WHEN I click on a city in the search history\
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city

## VIEWING MY PROJECT
To view live page, open your browser (preferably Google Chrome), then enter <i>ENTER LIVE PAGE HERE</i> in your address bar.

Link to Deployed Application: <i>ENTER DEPLOYED APPLICATION HERE</i>
